Spiderman

Question: green goblin attacked mary jane and the fight was fierce
Reply rank #1: Oh I know The anatomy that goes into the characters is out of this world Muscle movement and facial angles were the worst for me.
Reply rank #2: Ahh that also makes sense Youd think against a guy trying to kill your aunt you wouldnt hold back though.
Reply rank #3: Yeah me too.
Reply rank #4: There are only 30 issues of SSM Stop being a weak piece of shit and pay for the stuff you want.
Reply rank #5: Well then again it does not look like him The Last two times he fought SpiderMan he did not look much different to his appearence in AZSPM 4.
Reply rank #6: True enough Unfortunately I thought it was both.
Reply rank #7: Oh goodness Thats going to happen eventually I guess As long as he KEEPS THE HECK AWAY FROM SPIDERGWEN.
Reply rank #8: So you think they actually have someone.
Reply rank #9: Now that I read the title againit makes sense Great looking suit .
Reply rank #10: I hope hes just referring to the actors in those films unable to reprise their roles.

Question: spiderman was an amazing person who fights for justice
Reply rank #1: I have yet to read the arc but Ive read the full fight and GODDAMN is it hype.
Reply rank #2: Thats what I just said SpiderMan Spider Hyphen Man.
Reply rank #3: Well that and Orci and Kurtzman are horrible But yes Webb isnt the problem.
Reply rank #4: Spoilers Oh didnt notice him thanks Although his had little thunderbolts on the sleeves IIRC It looked tailored to him A little error I guess.
Reply rank #5: It isnt a reboot of The Amazing SpiderMan Its the after math of Superior SpiderMan and continues the story from there Its probably as good as youll get of a starting point at the moment unless you subscribe to Marvel Unlimited.
Reply rank #6: Probably I honestly havent read any Ultimate SpiderMan so I wouldnt really know I need to get around to that Ive heard good things.
Reply rank #7: I have never seen him act but looks wise I like him.
Reply rank #8: Dont know but they should stray away from both for once and focus on SpideyPeter more than anything.
Reply rank #9: Hes vibration based iirc.
Reply rank #10: I also found Peters ringtone on the Zedge app for Android.

Question: spiderman is the shit who kicks butts of everyone
Reply rank #1: Do you think this trending thing is a good idea or not RL.
Reply rank #2: Thats true I can totally believe that based on the stuff theyve done before Their audience is dwindling and they will probably try anything to hold on to it.
Reply rank #3: I read ASM in CD Barnes voice and will read USM in Josh Keatons.
Reply rank #4: It will be interesting to see where they take it  with Peters body still have some part of Peter still in it I think it could constantly be a battle of good vs evil as you say much like Venom is if you read that book This is why Im excited about it now  but also it could get old if they just do the same thing as Venom but as Spiderman and not the symbiote Well see.
Reply rank #5: 65 from Amazon.
Reply rank #6: I have yet to read the arc but Ive read the full fight and GODDAMN is it hype.
Reply rank #7: Funny when its called for and can be serious when he needs to be perfect.
Reply rank #8: If he is then it makes sense why DBS blocked him.
Reply rank #9: I actually think the director said in an interview that they were aging up the characters to their late teensearly twenties So I think Teen Wolf is a better indicator of Dylans ability to portray a high schooler.
Reply rank #10: Alright Well I am not use to hearing that term Ive usually just put a series together that was called something and considered it a whole My mistake.
